Draft of kb0095.md - HOWTO: Installing KMComp on MacOS Catalina (#157)
keymanapp/help.keyman.com: knowledge-base/kb0095.md

> # HOWTO: Installing KMComp Command Line Compiler on MacOS Catalina

Reviewer: I thought the `knowledge-base` was for archived content from tavultesoft.com.

This might be a better fit in /mac/13.0/common-questions/

Reviewer 2: I asked to put this in the knowledge-base because it's helpful information and the knowledge base is where we put content that doesn't have an obvious home elsewhere. At some point we could move it into the /developer space -- not /products/mac/.

KMComp is the command line compiler included in Keyman Developer. It is a windows application that can run with [wine](https://www.winehq.org/) on MacOS and Linux

## Installing wine

If you do not have `wine` already installed, install `wine` using [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/):

```sh
$ brew cask install xquartz
$ brew cask install wine-stable
```

See:
* https://wiki.winehq.org/MacOS
* https://www.davidbaumgold.com/tutorials/wine-mac/ 

## Installing KMComp

> Refer to the [KMComp Command Line Compiler documentation](https://help.keyman.com/developer/13.0/context/kmcomp?fbclid=IwAR3lbDSPATZ_E5U3q5lpeiIK3-oVE2ulImiK8vIBDX9kG6h2bPoCjycNluQ) for information on how to use KMComp.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the [KMComp Command Line Compiler documentation](/developer/current-version/context/kmcomp) for information on how to use KMComp.
```

This is a simpler link that will auto-update with each release
